---
layout: post
title: Editor's note
category: 2008
no-post-nav: false
---

##  Editor's note

I. The Yearbook of Chengdu Hi-Tech Industrial Development Zone 2008 (hereinafter referred to as the Yearbook of Chengdu Hi-Tech Zone 2008) is the comprehensive regional yearbook edited by the Management Committee of Chengdu Hi-Tech Industrial Development Zone to systemically record the annual situations in 2007 related to nature, politics, economy, culture, society and others of Chengdu Hi-Tech Zone. The yearbook is designed to make personnel of the CPC and governmental organs at all levels, enterprises and institutions, research institutes, and Chinese and foreign investors learn about Chengdu Hi-Tech Zone.
II. The compiling of the Yearbook of Chengdu Hi-Tech Zone 2008 should follow the guidance of Marxism-Leninism, Mao Zedong Thought, Deng Xiaoping Theory and the Important Thought of “Three Represents”, be carried based on the ideas of dialectical and historical materialism, thoroughly apply the Scientific Outlook on Development, and record the real facts on economic and social development of Chengdu Hi-tech Zone in 2007, with emphases on features, enterprises and practicability to facilitate the economic and social development of Chengdu Hi-Tech Zone.
III. The Yearbook of Chengdu Hi-Tech Zone 2008 covers a period from January 1, 2007 to December 31, 2007, but some contents may be out of the time limit. The introductions to background and knowledge can be found in the concerned links.
IV. Three levels of framework are adopted in the Yearbook of Chengdu Hi-Tech Zone 2008. The yearbook includes 29 chapters of Special Edition, Special Articles, A Chronicle of Major Events, Summary, Organizations, CPC and Government Affairs, Mass Organizations, Resources and Environmental Protection, Urban Administration, Urban Construction, Three Leading Industries and Related Enterprises, Secondary Industry and Related Enterprises, Tertiary Industry and Related Enterprises, Foreign Trade, Finance and Taxation and Audit, Comprehensive Service, Export and Import Management, Intellectual Property Rights Protection, Science, Education, Culture and Sports, Medical Treatment and Health, Social Life, Politics and Laws and Military Affairs, Sub-Districts, People in News, Statistical Data, Selected Documents, and Appendix. While chapters of Special Edition, Special Articles, A Chronicle of Major Events, Summary, People in News, Statistical Data, Selected Documents and Appendix only have two levels because of their special contents, all other chapters have three levels. Different fonts and sizes of words are used to feature the chapters, sections and articles.
V. The industry classification of the Yearbook of Chengdu Hi-Tech Zone 2008 is carried out based on the Industry Classification of National Economy (GB/T4754-2002). The yearbook includes three leading industries, secondary industry and tertiary industry. Under each industry, there are many sectors and every sector is also made up of numerous enterprises.
VI. The materials in the Yearbook of Chengdu Hi-Tech Zone 2008 are provided by different departments, sub-districts, enterprises and institutions and reviewed by relevant leaders. In case the figures on the yearbook are not in line with the statistics, the statistics dominate the figures on the yearbook.
VII. The Yearbook of Chengdu Hi-Tech Zone 2008 has strong search capabilities. There are table of contents in Chinese and English languages, headers on every page and indexes in the yearbook. Where the articles in indexes have the same topic, the differences will be listed in the brackets. Otherwise, the discs are provided together with the yearbook.
VIII. The edition of the Yearbook of Chengdu Hi-Tech Zone 2008 is completed by collectives and supported by leaders at various levels and by different departments, sub-districts, enterprises and institutions. The editorial department would like to extend its sincere thanks to all members who support and directly participate in the edition of the yearbook.
IX. Although the Yearbook of Chengdu Hi-Tech Zone 2008 has been proofread for several times, there may be still some mistakes in it. Readers are asked to criticize our work.
 
Editorial Department of the Yearbook of Chengdu Hi-Tech Industrial Development Zone
October 31, 2008
 